Docs 2908 incomplete information encrypt mule agent pw hn (#207)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc

** <<Register Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE Runtime Manager>>.
+
Registering Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE requires additional `amc_setup` parameters. See <<PCE Runtime Manager amc_setup Parameters>>.
* xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc#configure-the-agent-to-connect-through-a-proxy-server[Configure the agent to connect through a proxy server].
* xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc#encrypt_password[Encrypt passwords in the `mule-agent.yml` file].
* xref:rtm-agent-REST-connections.adoc[Manage Mule using the local Runtime Manager agent REST API interface].
* <<Update Runtime Manager Agent,Update the agent>>.

To see available options, run `./amc_setup --help`.

[%header,cols="30a,30a,40a"]
|===
|Parameter|Value|Description

|`--help`
|
|Displays help for the command on the command line.

|`-U`

`--update`
|
|Updates the agent, preserving the existing `mule-agent.yml` configuration file.

IMPORTANT: When you update a previous agent installation using `-U`, you can't include other parameters on the command line.

|`-E`

`--encrypt`
|
|Encrypts a passphrase to use in the `mule-agent.yml` file.

Use this option alone to generate an encrypted passphrase.

> For information, see xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc#encrypt_password.

Reviewer: I don't know if this is an issue from my Intellij interpreting this, but i see it as a plain text and not as a link
<img width="978" alt="Screen Shot 2019-10-07 at 10 44 49" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2117502/66317250-83593480-e8ef-11e9-84b7-11304e78321a.png">

Author: That's been fixed.

Reviewer: I still see this one without the link, i checked in github and i also see it like that

+
This name must be unique within the business group's environment.
|`-P`

`--proxy`
|`_proxy-host_

_proxy-port_

_proxy-user_

_proxy-password_`
|Specifies the proxy configuration to use when registering with the connection.

See xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc[Configure the Agent to Connect Through a Proxy Server].
|===

== Register Mule with the MuleSoft-Managed Runtime Manager

To register Mule with the MuleSoft-managed Anypoint Platform Runtime Manager console, you need:

* A valid registration token, which identifies a specific environment for a specific business group in Anypoint Platform.
* An instance name, which identifies Mule in the Runtime Manager console.

To register Mule:

. In Runtime Manager, click *Servers* in the left menu.
. Click the *Add Server* button.
+
Runtime Manager generates the `amc_setup` command, including `_token_` and `_server-name_`, to use to register Mule in your environment. 
+
The registration token includes your organization's ID and the current environment.
. Click *Copy* to copy the command.
. In a terminal window, change to the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory for the Mule that you're registering.
. Paste the command on the command line.

> . Change the instance name `server-name` to the unique name to use to label Mule in the Runtime Manager console.

Reviewer: I would specify that the server-name is unique across environments. You can have the same server name for the same organization in different environments

Author: Added.

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

> Anypoint Runtime Manager agent is used to register Mule runtime engine (Mule) with Runtime Manager. After Mule is registered, you can manage it with Runtime Manager within the specific environment and Anypoint Platform business group in which it was registered. Mule can't be registered with multiple Runtime Manager business groups or environments.

Reviewer 2: Active voice:
```suggestion
Anypoint Runtime Manager registers Mule runtime engine (Mule) with Runtime Manager. After Mule is registered, you can manage it using Runtime Manager within the specific environment and Anypoint Platform business group in which Mule was registered. You cannot register Mule with multiple Runtime Manager business groups or environments.
```

Author: This changes the meaning. The agent does the registering.

> The `amc_setup` command is used to install and configure the agent. You use different parameters with `amc_setup` depending on the type of console to which you are connecting the agent:

Reviewer 2: Active voice:
```suggestion
Use the `amc_setup` command to install and configure the agent, using different parameters depending on the type of console to which you are connecting the agent:
```

> * <<Register Mule with the MuleSoft-Managed Runtime Manager,Anypoint Platform Runtime Manager cloud-based console>>

Reviewer 2: These are actual console names, capped like this and without space around the comma?
Otherwise, among other things, we want to reword to not use MuleSoft-managed, GLOBALLY.

* <<Register Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE Runtime Manager,Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition Runtime Manager console>>

When you run `amc_setup`, the agent creates the `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml` with the configuration options you specified. After initial installation, you can:

* Rerun `amc_setup` to change the agent configuration or to update the agent version.
* Modify `mule-agent.yml` to change the agent configuration.
+
Some configuration options, such as extending JMX monitoring to other external services, are not possible using `amc_setup`. You must manually add them to `mule-agent.yml`. See xref:rtm-agent-config-yaml.adoc[Update Agent Configuration in mule-agent.yml].

> === Important Notes

Reviewer 2: Can we come up with something a bit more precise, such as Requirements and Restrictions?

* Do not register a single Mule runtime engine with more than one Runtime Manager business group or environment.
* Do not register Mule with Runtime Manager more than once.

> * Do not register a Mule runtime engine with both an older xref:mule-management-console::index.adoc[Mule Management Console (MMC)] and Runtime Manager.

Reviewer 2: Checking with PMM re. "Mule Management Console (MMC)"....
Oh.
I see it's deprecated.

+
If Mule is currently managed in MMC, first unregister it with MMC before running `amc_setup`.
+
MuleSoft support provides migration scripts to migrate from MMC to Runtime Manager.

== Compatibility 

The version of Runtime Manager agent must support the version of Mule and Runtime Manager you are using. To determine compatibility, check the xref:release-notes::runtime-manager-agent/runtime-manager-agent-release-notes.adoc[Runtime Manager Agent Release Notes].

Mule 3.7.x and earlier and the API gateway 2.x and earlier include an earlier version of Runtime Manager agent, which doesn't provide support for exporting data to external analytics tools. If you are running these earlier versions, you can download and update the agent to the latest version.

== Prerequisites

* Your enterprise license is current. 
* You are running Mule 3.6.0 and later, and the API gateway 2.1 and later.

These instructions use paths for Mac or Linux. If you are using Windows, replace the `$MULE_HOME` path with `%MULE_HOME%`.

> == Install the Agent From a Mule Installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Install the Agent from a Mule Installation
```

The agent is bundled with the Mule runtime engine installation.

To install the agent:

. xref:4.2@mule-runtime::runtime-installation-task.adoc[Download and install Mule].
. Run `$MULE_HOME/bin/amc_setup` and specify parameters for your installation.
+
See <<amc_setup Parameters>>.

> == Install the Agent From a .zip file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Install the Agent from a .zip file
```

If you need a different version of the agent than the version included in the software distribution, you can download it from the Support Portal. 

> === Download the Agent From the Support Portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Download the Agent from the Support Portal
```

To verify compatibility with your Mule runtime engine and Runtime Manager, check the corresponding xref:release-notes::runtime-manager-agent/runtime-manager-agent-release-notes.adoc[Runtime Manager Agent Release Notes]. 

To download the agent:

> . Open the https://help.mulesoft.com/s/[MuleSoft Help Center].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Open https://help.mulesoft.com/s/[MuleSoft Help Center].
```

. Click the *Support* tile.
. Click *Login* in the upper right and log in using your Anypoint Platform credentials.
+

> IMPORTANT: You must have an Enterprise support account to download the agent.

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be in the Prereq section: "If you must download..., you must have...."

. Run `$MULE_HOME/bin/amc_setup` and specify parameters for your installation.
+
See <<amc_setup Parameters>>.
. Restart Mule or the API gateway runtime.

== Update Runtime Manager Agent

If you previously installed the agent with an earlier version of `amc_setup`, you can update the agent and retain your existing agent configuration in `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml`.

To update an existing Runtime Manager agent:

. Stop Mule or the API gateway runtime.
. Extract the downloaded `agent-setup-_VERSION_.zip` file to `$MULE_HOME/bin`.
. When prompted, overwrite any conflicting files.
. Run `$MULE_HOME/bin/amc_setup -U`.
+
When you run `amc_setup` with the `-U` parameter, you can't include other parameters on the command line.
. Restart Mule or the API gateway runtime.

=== What Happens When You Update the Agent

When you update the agent, the `amc_setup` script:

* Backs up the current version of the agent:
** Archives the `$MULE_HOME/plugins/MULE_AGENT_PLUGIN_FOLDER` to `$MULE_HOME/tools/mule-agent-backup.zip`
** Archives any custom modules (usually located in `$MULE_HOME/plugins/MULE_AGENT_PLUGIN_FOLDER/lib/modules`) to `$MULE_HOME/tools/mule-agent-modules-backup.zip`

> * Updates agent libs in `$MULE_HOME/plugins/MULE_AGENT_PLUGIN_FOLDER/lib`

Reviewer 2: Spell "agent libraries"?

* Retains the current `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml` configuration file
* Leaves modules in `$MULE_HOME/plugins/MULE_AGENT_PLUGIN_FOLDER/lib/modules` unchanged
+
This folder contains all custom modules added to the agent (not included in the agent distribution).

== Uninstall the Agent

To uninstall the agent:

. Stop Mule or the API gateway runtime.
. Remove these files:
+
`$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.jks`
+
`$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml`
. Restart Mule or the API gateway runtime.

== amc_setup Parameters

Parameters to `amc_setup` enable you to:

* Register Mule with a Runtime Manager console:

> ** <<Register Mule with the MuleSoft-Managed Runtime Manager>>.

Reviewer 2: Dunno' if you can do this:
```suggestion
** <<Register Mule with the Runtime Manager instance managed by MuleSoft>>.
```

** <<Register Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE Runtime Manager>>.
+
Registering Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE requires additional `amc_setup` parameters. See <<PCE Runtime Manager amc_setup Parameters>>.
* xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc#configure-the-agent-to-connect-through-a-proxy-server[Configure the agent to connect through a proxy server].
* xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc#encrypt_password[Encrypt passwords in the `mule-agent.yml` file].
* xref:rtm-agent-REST-connections.adoc[Manage Mule using the local Runtime Manager agent REST API interface].
* <<Update Runtime Manager Agent,Update the agent>>.

To see available options, run `./amc_setup --help`.

[%header,cols="30a,30a,40a"]
|===
|Parameter|Value|Description

|`--help`
|
|Displays help for the command on the command line.

|`-U`

`--update`
|
|Updates the agent, preserving the existing `mule-agent.yml` configuration file.

IMPORTANT: When you update a previous agent installation using `-U`, you can't include other parameters on the command line.

|`-E`

`--encrypt`
|
|Encrypts a passphrase to use in the `mule-agent.yml` file.

Use this option alone to generate an encrypted passphrase.

> For information, see xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc#encrypt_password.

Reviewer 2: Is this missing its text version of the xref?

The _amc_setup_ script reads the `mule-agent.yml` file from `../conf`, relative to the directory specified by `--mule-home`. For example, if the value of `--mule-home` is `/tmp/Mule/bin`, _amc_setup_ reads `mule-agent.yml` from `/tmp/Mule/conf`.

|`--skip-gateway-clientid`
|
|Skips configuration of the API gateway `client_id` and `client_secret`.

|`-I`

`--insecure`
|
|Configures the agent to use an unencrypted REST connection.

See xref:rtm-agent-REST-connections.adoc#insecure-connection-channel[Insecure Connection Channel].

Do not use this parameter with the <<PCE Runtime Manager amc_setup Parameters,PCE `amc_setup` parameters>>.

This option replaces the contents of `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml`. 

|`-S`

`--secure`
|
|Configures the agent to establish a TLS connection with an on-premises administration console.

See xref:rtm-agent-REST-connections.adoc#secure-connection-channel[Secure Connection Channel]

Do not use this parameter with the <<PCE Runtime Manager amc_setup Parameters,PCE `amc_setup` parameters>>.

This option replaces the contents of `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml`.

|`-H`

`--hybrid`
| `_token_ 

_server-name_`

> |Configures the agent to connect with either a MuleSoft managed (cloud-based) Anypoint Platform or Anypoint Platform PCE.

Reviewer 2: Consider avoiding hyphenating the trademark MuleSoft by rewording:
```suggestion
|Configures the agent to connect with either Anypoint Platform PCE or cloud-based Anypoint Platform managed by MuleSoft.
```

* `_token_` is a base64 encoded string that specifies the exact business group and environment with which to register Mule with Runtime Manager.
+
* `_server-name_` is the instance name used to identify Mule in the Runtime Manager console.
+
This name must be unique within the business group's environment.
|`-P`

`--proxy`
|`_proxy-host_

_proxy-port_

_proxy-user_

_proxy-password_`
|Specifies the proxy configuration to use when registering with the connection.

See xref:rtm-agent-proxy-config.adoc[Configure the Agent to Connect Through a Proxy Server].
|===

> == Register Mule with the MuleSoft-Managed Runtime Manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Register Mule with the Runtime Manager Instance Managed by MuleSoft
```

> To register Mule with the MuleSoft-managed Anypoint Platform Runtime Manager console, you need:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To register Mule with the Anypoint Platform Runtime Manager console managed by MuleSoft, you need:
```

> * A valid registration token, which identifies a specific environment for a specific business group in Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 2: No period, either list item

* An instance name, which identifies Mule in the Runtime Manager console.

To register Mule:

. In Runtime Manager, click *Servers* in the left menu.
. Click the *Add Server* button.
+
Runtime Manager generates the `amc_setup` command, including `_token_` and `_server-name_`, to use to register Mule in your environment. 
+
The registration token includes your organization's ID and the current environment.
. Click *Copy* to copy the command.

> . In a terminal window, change to the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory for the Mule that you're registering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In a terminal window, change to the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory for the Mule instance that you're registering.
```

. Paste the command on the command line.
. Change the instance name `server-name` to the unique name to use to label Mule in the Runtime Manager console.
+

> The `server-name` is unique across environments. The `server-name` can be the same for the same organization in different environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `server-name` value is unique across environments; however, it can be the same for the same organization in different environments.
```

Author: no to semicolons and however.

+
. Include any other parameters on the `amc_setup` command line.
+ 
See <<amc_setup Parameters>>.
+

> For example:

Reviewer 2: What is this an example of? The previous line is a cross-ref.

+
[source,console,linenums]
----
./amc_setup -H myToken myMuleServer --proxy myProxy-host myProxy-port myProxy-user myProxy-password
----

The `amc_setup` command generates the `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml` file. 

> === Example mule-agent.yml file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Example mule-agent.yml File
```

Here is an example `mule-agent.yml` file generated by the `-H` option:

[source,yaml,linenums]
----
transports:
  rest.agent.transport:
    enabled: false
  websocket.transport:
    consoleUri: wss://mule-manager.anypoint.mulesoft.com:443/mule
    handshake:
      enabled: true
      body:
globalConfiguration:
  security:
    keyStorePassword: 42d9515f-3ca9-4ef4-87c0-586bd786b08b
    keyStoreAlias: agent
    keyStoreAliasPassword: 42d9515f-3ca9-4ef4-87c0-586bd786b08b
  authenticationProxy:
    endpoint: https://arm-auth-proxy.prod.cloudhub.io
----

== Register Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE Runtime Manager

> With Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition, all Runtime Manager services run on-premises rather than in a MuleSoft-hosted cloud environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE), all Runtime Manager services run on-premises rather than in a cloud environment hosted by MuleSoft.
```

To register Mule with PCE Runtime Manager:

> . Log into an Anypoint Platform PCE account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Log in to an Anypoint Platform PCE account.
```

. Ensure that you have correctly set up the DNS entry for your platform.
+
See xref:access-management::private-cloud-edition-features.adoc#dns-or-ip[DNS or IP].

> . Select a business group and environment to register Mule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select a business group and environment with which to register Mule.
```

. Within the selected environment, click *Servers* in the left menu.
. Click the *Add Server* button.
+
Runtime Manager generates the `amc_setup` command, including `_token_` and `_server-name_`, to use to register Mule in your environment. 
+
The registration token includes your organization's ID and the current environment.
. Click *Copy* to copy the command.

> . In a terminal window, change to the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory for the Mule that you're registering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In a terminal window, change to the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory for the Mule instance that you're registering.
```

. Paste the command on the command line.
. Change the instance name `server-name` to the unique name to use to label Mule in the Runtime Manager console.
. Include any other parameters on the `amc_setup` command line.
+
See <<amc_setup Parameters>>.

> . Append parameters to the command line to specify the URLs of services used by Runtime Manager to manage your Mule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Append parameters to the command line to specify the URLs of services used by Runtime Manager to manage your Mule instance.
```

+
See <<PCE Runtime Manager amc_setup Parameters>>.
+

> For example:

Reviewer 2: ditto: prev. text is xref

+
[source,console,linenums]
----
./amc_setup -H myToken myMuleServer -A +http://$DOCKER_IP_ADDRESS:8080/hybrid/api/v1+ -W "wss://_Anypoint Platform host_:8443/mule" -C https://_AnypointPlatform host_/accounts -F https://AnypointPlatformHost/apiplatform
----

The `amc_setup` command generates the `$MULE_HOME/conf/mule-agent.yml` file. 

=== PCE Runtime Manager amc_setup Parameters 

> This table describes additional parameters required to register Mule with PCE Runtime Manager. Append these parameters to the `./amc_setup -H _token_ _server-name_` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This table lists additional parameters required to register Mule with Anypoint Platform PCE Runtime Manager. Append these parameters to the `./amc_setup -H _token_ _server-name_` command.
```

Do not use these parameters with the `-I` or `S` parameters to configure REST API connections.

[%header,cols="30a,30a,40a"]
|===
|Parameter|Value| Description
|`-A`

`--amc-host`
| `_amc-host_`

> |Specifies the service URL location of your local instance of Runtime Manager, such as `+https://10.0.0.1:8080/hybrid/v1+`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specifies the service location URL of your local instance of Runtime Manager, such as `+https://10.0.0.1:8080/hybrid/v1+`.
```

You can test whether the service is available at `_AMC_HOST_/hybrid/v1`.
|`-W`

`--mcm-host`
| `_mcm-host`

> |Specifies the service URL location of your local instance of MCM, for example, `wss://10.0.0.2:443/mule`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specifies the service location URL of your local instance of MCM: for example, `wss://10.0.0.2:443/mule`.
```
Does your audience know what MCM is?

You can test whether the service is available at `_MCM_HOST_/mule`.

|`-C`

`--cs-host`
|`_core-services-host_`

> |Specifies the service URL of your local instance of Access Management, for example, `+https://10.0.0.3:8080/accounts+`.

Reviewer 2: GLOBALLY rearrange "the service URL location" to "the service location URL". I'll stop marking.

You can test whether the service is available at  `_core-services-host_/accounts`.
|`-D`

`--contract-caching-service-host`
|`_contract-caching-service-host_`

> |Specifies the service URL location of your local instance of Contract Caching Service, for example, `+https://10.0.0.4:8080+`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specifies the service location (URL) of your local instance of Contract Caching Service: for example, `+https://10.0.0.4:8080+`.
```

|`-F`

`--api-platform-host`
|`_api-platform-host_`

> |Specifies the service URL location of your local instance of AP

Reviewer 2: ditto

> |Specifies the service URL location of your local instance of AP

Reviewer 2: ditto
